Our objective was to evaluate the potential effects of small-molecule c-Myc inhibitor , 10058-F4 , on ovarian_carcinoma cells and the underlying mechanisms by which 10058-F4 exerts its actions .

The CSF levels of carbamazepine were 2.06 micrograms/mL -LRB- ie , 31 % of plasma levels , which equaled 6.55 micrograms/mL -RRB- ; CSF -10,11-epoxide concentrations averaged 0.91 micrograms/mL in 18 subjects -LRB- 63 % of those found in plasma -RRB- .

Mutational analysis of p59fyn revealed that a 10-amino-acid sequence in the unique amino-terminal domain of p59fyn was responsible for the association with zeta .

The cDNA encodes S1P , an intraluminal 1052-amino-acid membrane-bound subtilisin-like protease .

Alzheimer's disease is a late-stage form of dementia.

Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is the most frequent cause of dementia characterized by a progressive decline in cognitive function associated with the formation of amyloid beta (Aβ) plaques and neurofibrillary tangles.

Here we report that familial Alzheimer's disease (FAD)-associated presenilin mutations cause an imbalance in PIP2 metabolism

The most commonly associated variant, rs75932628 (encoding R47H), showed highly significant association with Alzheimer's disease (P<0.001).

Here, we review recent findings indicating that the main factor underlying the development and progression of AD is tau, not Aβ, and we describe the deficiencies of the amyloid hypothesis that have supported the emergence of this idea.

Neurofibrillary degeneration in the basal forebrain is believed to be the primary cause for the dysfunction and death of forebrain cholinergic neurons.

Neurofibrillary degeneration in the basal forebrain is believed to be the primary cause for the dysfunction and death of forebrain cholinergic neurons, giving rise to a widespread presynaptic cholinergic denervation.

Moreover, blocking the formation, secretion or uptake of exosomes was found to reduce both the spread of oligomers and the related toxicity. Taken together, our results imply that exosomes are centrally involved in Alzheimer’s disease.

TREM2 is a transmembrane receptor expressed in cells of the myeloid lineage, and its association with Alzheimer's disease supports the involvement of immune and inflammatory pathways in the cause of the disease, rather than as a consequence of the disease.

The neurodegenerative disorder Alzheimer's disease is characterised by the formation of β-amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles in the brain parenchyma, which cause synapse and neuronal loss.



Alzheimer's disease is the most frequent neurodegenerative disorder and the most common cause of dementia in the elderly. Diverse lines of evidence suggest that amyloid-β (Aβ) peptides have a causal role in its pathogenesis, but the underlying mechanisms remain uncertain.

The Alzheimer's disease (AD) research community has historically used first‐generation transgenic (Tg) mouse models that overexpress proteins linked to familial AD (FAD), mutant amyloid precursor protein (APP), or APP and presenilin (PS). These mice exhibit AD pathology, but the overexpression paradigm may cause additional phenotypes unrelated to AD.

Alzheimer’s disease (AD) was first described a little more than 100 years ago. It is the most common cause of dementia with an estimated prevalence of 30 million people worldwide, a number that is expected to quadruple in 40 years.

Advanced glycation end products generated by chronic hyperglycemia and their receptor RAGE provide critical links between diabetes and AD.

Neuroinflammation, which has emerged as an important cause of cognitive dysfunction, could provide a central mechanism for aging-associated ailments.

